c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\MeaTokenNethereum.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\MeaTokenNethereum.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\MeaTokenNethereum.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.ABI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.Accounts.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.Contracts.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.Hex.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.JsonRpc.Client.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.JsonRpc.RpcClient.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.KeyStore.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.RLP.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.RPC.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.Signer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.StandardTokenEIP20.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.Util.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.Web3.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\obj\Debug\MeaTokenNethereum.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\obj\Debug\MeaTokenNethereum.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\obj\Debug\MeaTokenNethereum.pdb
C:\Users\USER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeaTokenNethereum\MeaTokenNethereum\bin\Debug\Nethereum.Geth.dll
